Getting Started With Raven
--------------------------

This document is intended to help you get started with working with raven.

First you will need Eclipse and the Android SDK, as well as git to
fetch the source with. Installing these is beyond the scope of this
document, but we recommend reading this:

http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing.html

Second you will need all the required projects in your Eclipse workspace.
The easiest way to accomplish this is to checkout the raven superproject.

> git clone http://github.com/interdroid/raven.git

Next you will need to have git checkout all the subprojects and set them
up properly. The easiest way to do this is run setup.sh contained in the
raven project.

> cd raven
> ./setup.sh

This will checkout and initialize all subprojects.

Additionally, if you wish to change things you should make sure to
create and checkout a branch to work in.

> git submodule foreach git branch <branchname>
> git submodule foreach git checkout <branchname>

Now you can open Eclipse and import the various required projects.

1) Select the File -> Import menu item.

2) Select Git -> Projects from Git

3) Click the Add... button

4) Select the raven directory, check "Look for nested repositories" and
press "Search" This will find 8 repositories.

5) Uncheck raven3/.git (which is the first item in the list) and hit OK

6) Now select slf4android, Press Next twice and then Finish.

7) Now do the remainder of the repositories, repeating steps 1, 2 & 6 for each
   in the following order:

   interdroid-util
   jgit (Note that jgit has a lot of subprojects. You can choose to
         just import org.eclipse.jgit if you want to keep your
         workspace cleaner.)  
   smartsockets
   vdb
   vdb-avro
   vdb-ui

8) You should be done, but if you are showing changes to any
   repositories follow 8a. If you are showing any build errors
   follow 8b.

8a) Eclipse is not always consistent with how it orders things in
    .classpath files for Android projects and tends to rewrite them
    for no apparent reason. After setting up it is recommended to run
    setup-finish.sh to checkout a clean version of the .classpath
    files and then select all projects and refresh them so you have a
    clean environment to begin working in.

8b) Also note that Eclipse is not always good at reloading android
    libraries when required to do so. If after doing the above you
    have build errors, it is recommended to quit and restart Eclipse
    to trigger the android library update process again.

Now you should be able to deploy the vdb-ui application onto an emulator
or a phone!
